Add FAQ about normalizing array to RNA-seq (#9)
greenelab/TDM: README.md

**Can I use TPM corrected values with TDM?**

*Unfortunately, this is unlikely to work well. We assumed raw or RSEM counts with the TDM approach.*

**Can I use TDM to normalize array data to match RNA-seq data?**

> *We generally do not advise this study design. We expect array data to have less precision at higher expression levels due to saturation, while counts-based RNA-seq data does not have that problem. We recommend reshaping the broader, more precise data (RNA-seq) to fit the narrower and less precise (array) distribution.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*We generally do not advise this study design. We expect array data to have less precision at higher expression levels due to saturation, while counts-based RNA-seq data does not have that problem. We recommend reshaping the data expected to have more dynamic range (RNA-seq) to fit the narrower and less precise (array) distribution.*
```
